What is Xiaobei looking for?
In 10 minutes
If you don't give me Xiaobei back
You all get out of here
How much do you care about Lin Bei's younger brother?
Really the husband of the universe
What are you talking about?
You know.
Xiaobei grew up in an orphanage
I am his only relative
Of course, make it up to him.
After all, the eldest sister is the mother's hair.
The eldest sister is your mother
If you don't say
I thought Linben was your son
husband
Are you kidding? Am I kidding?
You know it.
Yes of course
Why would Ye Chen suddenly say that?
Could it be that Xiaobei and I have a mother-son relationship?
He has found out.
Yo, this is the genius painter Lin Bei
What a talent!
Juvenile success is really different
But who is that girl next to Lin Bei?
For the rest of my life, I will gradually dismantle everything around you
Drag you to hell